Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
("FREE BIRD" BY LYNYRD SKYNYRD
PLAYING)
♪ If I leave here tomorrow ♪
♪ Would you still
remember me? ♪
♪ Cos I'm as free
as a bird now ♪
♪ And this bird
you cannot change ♪
♪ Oh-oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ And the bird
you cannot change ♪
♪ And this bird
♪ Lord knows. I can't change ♪
♪ Oh-oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
(TURNS OFF CAR STEREO)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRUNTS)
MAN 1: Drop the fucking box!
Drop the fucking box!
MAN 1: Let go of the box.
Fucking drop the box!
(GUARD WHIMPERING)
Get back.
I said. fucking get back!
I said.
give me the fucking box now!
All right. mate.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Get off the fucking gun!
(GUNSHOT)
(GUARD SCREAMS IN PAIN)
(DISTANT SIRENS WAILING)
(GROANING LOUDLY)
(SIRENS APPROACHING)
(GUN COCKS)
-MAN 2: Fuck!
-(GUARD 2 GROANS)
MAN 2: Move! Fucking move!
Officer 3601 to metro base.
I've got a 10-80 in progress.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER
ON POLICE RADIO)
(TYRES SCREECH)
(SIREN BLARING)
OFFICER 1: They're going
through the alleyway.
Go round. we can cut 'em off.
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT POLICE
RADIO CHATTER)
(TYRES SCREECH)
(SIREN BLARING)
OFFICER:
Charlie Tango Zero Eight.
Can you run a check
on this Ford Escort.
registration Golf 713.
Romeo. Romeo. Bravo?
(TENSE MUSIC CONTINUES)
-(ENGINES REVVING)
-(TYRES SCREECHING)
Failure to stop.
We've got 'em. The suspects
are heading into a dead end.
(TYRES SCREECH)
-(TENSE MUSIC FADES)
-(BOTH PANTING)
(DISTANT SIREN WAILING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
OFFICER 1: Vehicle's stopped.
-I repeat. vehicle's stopped.
-OFFICER 2: He's got a gun!
OFFICER 1: Shit!
-(TYRES SCREECH)
-(STEAM HISSING)
(OFFICERS YELP. COUGHING)
Get out. get out!
No! No. no. please. please!
I've got family!
-(SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE)
-(OFFICER WHIMPERING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(MAN 1 GRUNTS)
(ENGINE STARTS)
(TYRES SCREECH)
DISPATCHER: (ON RADIO)
Officer 3601. can you respond?
This is Metro base.
Come in. Over.
Unit 3601.
are you receiving me?
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Still can't believe
you left the box
and fucking shot a geezer.
It was an accident. I swear!
You showed him
your fucking face!
I know. right? I messed up!
I told you a million times.
keep your fucking distance.
Now look what's happened.
(TOOL WHIRRING)
-(METAL LOCK CLATTERS)
-(TOOL TURNS OFF)
What?
I don't understand.
You told me there'd
be 50 large in that box.
We've just done a cozzer
and shot a security guard
in broad fucking daylight
for a poxy two-and-a-half
grand in fivers.
-I was just trying to help.
-(SHOUTS) Help?
You do know that we're looking
at a ten-stretch for this?
You fucked up well and truly
on this one. son.
Now. please.
get rid of that motor.
I... I can't tonight. mate.
I got something on.
-What about my half?
-Having a fucking laugh.
ain't ya?
Here's your half.
-(GROANS)
-(BOX CLATTERS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Mate. I'm so sorry.
I did not mean to do that.
Now where you going?
Oh. for fuck's sake. Ken.
I just said I'm sorry.
Mate?
You walk away from me now.
don't ever bother coming back.
I mean it.
(DOOR OPENS. CLOSES)
(ENGINE TURNS OFF)
(EXCLAIMS) You scared
the life out of me.
(GROANS)
-Fucking fivers?
-What are you talking about?
There was only two-and-a-half
grand in that box.
I don't understand. mate.
There's usually loads of cash
in there.
Well. there's wasn't.
was there?
What about my cut?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
No-one's getting any cuts.
Come on. mate.
I was relying on that dough.
What about the other guard?
He's in hospital. Ken.
You shot him.
Like. this was supposed to be
a quick blag.
not attempted murder!
And you let him see your face.
What do you want me to do?
Get up that hospital
and make it go away.
Or you'll be joining him.
OK.
I'll sort it. I promise.
You better.
-(DOOR SLAMS SHUT)
-(EXHALES)
(REVERSING ALARM BEEPING)
Hi. Um...
Downstairs said
that room 302's up here.
302 is just down there. sir.
Right. thank you.
(INDISTINCT ANNOUNCEMENT
OVER PA)
WOMAN:
Are you sure it wasn't them?
-Yeah. I'm sure.
-Have another look.
GUARD: I'm telling you.
that's not them.
Look.
just keep flicking through.
Look. don't worry. guv.
It was worth a shot.
Officer?
That's him.
("WELCOME TO THE PLEASUREDOME"
BY FRANKIE GOES TO HOLLYWOOD)
(DISTANT SIRENS BLARING)
(CAR HORN HONKING)
DRIVER: Here you go. Freedom
Night Club. Call it a tenner.
♪ Long way from home ♪
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
♪ Going home
where lovers roam ♪
♪ Long way from home ♪
♪ Welcome
to the Pleasuredome ♪
All right?
(IN DEEP VOICE)
Hi. gorgeous.
♪ We're a long way from home ♪
♪ Welcome
to the Pleasuredome ♪
♪ On our way home ♪
♪ Going home
where lovers roam ♪
♪ Long way from home ♪
♪ Welcome
to the Pleasuredome ♪
(CHEERING. APPLAUSE)
What can I get ya?
Er...
-I'll have one of them.
-OK.
One Pink Lady coming up.
That's on me.
♪ On our way home ♪
♪ Going home
where lovers roam ♪
♪ Long way from home ♪
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
♪ ... to the Pleasuredome ♪
-One Pink Lady.
-You're joking.
Where the fuck is Stevey?
I'm doing everything on my own
over here.
I don't know.
I've not seen him.
Can you find him for me.
please?
No. Megan. I'm busy.
MAN: Thanks. love.
(AUDIENCE CHEERING. APPLAUSE)
Once again. give it up
for the fiery Miss Benton!
(AUDIENCE CHEERING. APPLAUSE)
You know what?
I got more clap from my ex.
(LAUGHTER)
Well. boys and girls.
you are in
for a treat tonight.
You love him. I love him.
Please. put your hands
together for the one and only
Billy the Kid!
(RAPTUROUS CHEERING)
(AUDIENCE WHOOPING. CLAPPING)
BILLY: All right. bitches.
I know. I know.
I look fucking hot.
(LAUGHTER)
-Billy?
-BILLY: I understand.
Platinum Lace.
Guy's called Mo.
Oh. All right.
Kenny boy. in here.
All right. Bill?
Oh. what happened
to your face?
Oh. don't. mate. I had a fight
with a metal box and lost.
-They loved you out there.
-You know me.
Gotta give 'em what they want.
Yeah. (CHUCKLES)
Was that our guy?
He says it's on.
He said
we just need the money.
Don't worry. I'll get it.
(PENSIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
To new opportunities.
-(GLASSES CLINK)
-(SLURPING)
(PENSIVE MUSIC CONTINUES)
Whoo.
Come on. We ain't got all day.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Sit down.
-I've got a slight problem.
-Oh. yeah?
I ain't got the 20k
for the pills.
That's not a slight problem.
Patrick.
You know we don't do tick.
I know. but I was thinking.
you know.
if you was to help me out.
I could make this seriously
worth your while.
Go on.
Well. you front me
on the round ones
and I guarantee I'll get rid
of them by the weekend.
And on top of that.
I'll pay you double
for the first lot.
That's 40k.
Doesn't leave very much
for you. does it?
I'll speak to my brothers.
I'll let you know.
-You know when?
-When we're ready.
We're done now.
I'll be in touch.
Very sloppy work yesterday.
I hear.
Your boy dropped a bollock.
-Just like his old man.
-He's all right.
Is he?
Little boys should be seen
and not heard.
You're making too much noise.
Patrick.
There's a system
to this business.
You'd do well
to remember that.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Hello. you. (KISSES)
Have you just got back?
You know me. babe.
(CHUCKLES)
WOMAN: I've been down there
watching the sun come up.
-What was that about. then?
-Nothing.
-Just an old friend.
-Yeah? Pat Tate?
Do you know him?
Sort of.
Anyway. forget about
old friends.
Here's to new ones.
(MOBILE PHONE RINGING)
-Hello?
- (ON PHONE) Sam. it's Pat.
Please tell me
you've heard from Kenny.
No. I ain't seen him. mate.
Is there a problem?
I can't get hold of him.
That's all.
Well. if I see him.
I'll let you know.
Cheers.
Are you mad?
Armed robbery
in broad daylight?
Haven't you learnt nothing?
So what you gonna do now?
I'm done with Essex.
To be honest.
I need a break from Pat.
Me and Billy are setting up
on our own.
Not Billy the Kid?
Yeah.
-So it's drugs. then?
-Don't matter what it is.
I just need 25 grand
to spot me in.
Kenny. Kenny.
That's a slippery slope. son.
Can you help or not?
I've been looking after
your old man's money
since he's been away.
I can have it to you by
tomorrow. How's that?
-I can't take my dad's money.
-It's a loan. innit?
(PENSIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
Yeah. Thanks. Sam.
Come here.
MAN: Come on tae fuck. Billy.
Your mum hit me
harder than that.
God rest her soul.
What's the matter with you.
you fairy?
You're a waste of space.
What's the matter with you?
Fucking hit him. you poof!
-(GRUNTS)
-Now. that's more like it!
That's my boy.
That's why they call him
Billy the Kid.
Fastest hands in the West.
(PUNCHING BAG THUDDING)
All right. Fergus?
Cor. you smell that?
Smells like shit.
-Hey. let's go.
-FERGUS: Where are you going?
-Out.
-Oi. don't get lippy with me.
I want you back
by the weekend.
It's your birthday.
I've got something planned.
You two. in.
MAN: All right. sweetheart?
Want a wee cupcake
or something?
Get the fuck out of my ring!
On the bag. move!
KENNY:
I think your dad hates me.
BILLY: Nah.
don't worry about it.
He hates everyone.
I take it you've got it?
KENNY: Yeah.
Twenty-five grand.
My dad's nicer than yours.
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Patrick.
You all right?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Don't fucking move.
Forty grand.
Or there will be blood.
("TAINTED LOVE"
BY SOFT CELL PLAYING)
DOORMAN:
Evening. fellas. All right?
We're here to see Mo.
In there. lads. Straight down.
This way. gentlemen.
♪ Sometimes I feel ♪
♪ I've got to ♪
♪ Run away. I've got to ♪
♪ Get away from the pain
you drive... ♪
BILLY: I've got better
moves than that.
♪ The love we share ♪
♪ Seems to go nowhere ♪
♪ And I've lost my light ♪
♪ For I toss and... ♪
Your table.
-♪ Once I ran to you ♪
-♪ I ran... ♪
MAN: Come here. you.
Wanna come home
with me tonight. love?
She a bit of you. Ken?
Piss off!
No. not really. mate.
♪ Take my tears
and that's not nearly all ♪
Does your dad know?
You know. that you're a...
What?
-You know.
-(BILLY SCOFFS)
♪ Run away. I've got to ♪
Shall I get him
one of my posters. eh?
You know what he says.
"Funniest thing in the West
in high heels."
He'd love that.
So. no. mate.
Would you tell him?
-No. fuck that.
-(BOTH CHUCKLE)
He'd have a heart attack.
♪ I'm sorry
I don't pray that way ♪
-♪ Once I ran to you ♪
-♪ I ran ♪
I will tell him. though.
♪ This tainted love
you've given ♪
♪ I give you all
a boy could give you ♪
It's gonna be all right this.
ain't it? Just the two of us.
Yeah.
♪ Tainted love ♪
He will see you now.
To new opportunities.
♪ I love you though
you hurt me so ♪
♪ Now I'm gonna pack my things
and go ♪
♪ Tainted love ♪
MO: Our friend tells me
you are ready
to step up to the big time.
Good.
(FLY BUZZING)
(CHUCKLES)
Tell me.
Have you heard the story
of the two little flies
who had their fill of food?
Buzzing around. they came
across an open jar of honey.
Now. driven by greed.
they swooped in and ate
all that they could.
But when it was time
for them to go.
they couldn't get out.
Because their little feet had
become stuck to the jar.
Do you know what happens next?
(CHUCKLES)
Mate. are we dealing or not?
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
The only way the poor little
flies could get out...
was by losing
their fucking legs.
-(BILLY CRIES OUT)
-What the fuck are you...
(KENNY GRUNTING. YELLING)
Bloody kids.
Oi. mate.
Oh. Jesus Christ.
Two. three...
four. five.
Fuck you. Ken.
Six. seven. eight. nine...
ten. eleven...
And one more for bollicky Ken.
Twelve.
(MOBILE PHONE RINGING)
About fucking time. Hello?
Jan. just... slow down.
Slow down.
Talk to me. Who's dead?
(SOMBRE MUSIC PLAYING)
JAN: When he was 16.
he went down to the seaside
with some of his mates.
They thought it'd be funny
if they untied a fishing boat
and let it float out to sea.
But Kenny.
he felt bad for the owner
so he swam in
and he brought it back.
When he got out. his mates.
they'd stolen his clothes.
He always had a thing about
hanging around
with the wrong people.
(TEARFULLY) Why. Kenny?
(SOBS)
I know he wasn't perfect
but he had a good heart.
(SOBS)
Mrs Knight? This is DCI Jones
and DI Monroe.
Would you care to accompany me
to identify the body?
Jan.
I don't want you
going in there.
Let me do this. please.
So. Mr Tate?
For the record.
can you confirm
the ID of the body before you
is that of a one Kenneth Knight.
deceased?
Yeah. I can confirm
that's Kenny Knight.
Hold on a minute.
Who did this to him?
We don't know but we will.
I can assure you.
Whoever it was. looks like
they done a right job on him.
MONROE: What we do know
is that Kenny was involved
in an armed robbery
a few days ago.
Oh. yeah?
You wouldn't know anything
about that. would you?
Me? No.
JONES: Cos he wasn't alone.
Where were you Monday morning
at 10:00. Mr Tate?
Do you really wanna
do this here. now?
We could go down
to the station.
I'll ask you again.
Where were you?
-I can't fucking believe this.
-Answer the question.
I was at home.
And someone can verify that?
No.
Well.
I'll leave you to your grief.
We will need
to speak to you again.
(SOMBRE MUSIC PLAYING)
You know.
he thought the world of you.
Likewise.
Who could do such a thing?
-I mean. the thought that...
-Jan.
Look. I promise you.
as true as I'm standing here.
I will find out who did this.
But it's not gonna bring him
back. though. is it?
-(DOORBELL RINGS)
-(SOBS)
I'll get it.
JAN: Who is it?
It's all right. Jan. I got it.
What d'you fucking want?
You can fuck right off because
you are not welcome here.
JAN: Pat?
Oh. Joey.
Jan.
I heard about Kenny.
I'm so sorry.
Thank you.
Come in.
Let's have a cup of tea.
Jan. I need
just two minutes with Joey.
Fucking hell!
What are you doing here.
you little parasite?
I come to pay my respects.
we were in school together.
We were like brothers!
-Yeah?
-Yeah!
So what do you know
about what happened?
Nothing.
I'm out the game. ain't I?
Well. you're about
to get back in the game.
Nah.
Not after what happened.
Look at my face.
You fed me to the dogs.
Yeah. well.
that weren't my call.
Now I need to know something.
Did Kenny ever mention to you
anything to do with Soho?
What. London? No.
That's not our manor. is it?
It's a different world.
Listen. Joey.
I need your help.
I'm out. Pat.
Right? I mean it.
I'm out.
But I'll help ya.
For Kenny.
You mark my words.
I am gonna get
whoever did this.
And when I do.
I am gonna bathe
in their blood.
Now. this is what
I need you to do.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
SAM: Hello. Dan. how are ya?
Good. Straight in.
Yeah. mate. straight in.
How are ya? Nice to see ya.
Oi. where the fuck you been?
I've been calling you all day.
Well. good evening
to you. too.
-What's the matter?
-You tell me.
-Mate. calm yourself down.
-I'm fucking talking.
I'm not gonna
ask you again. Sam.
Where the fuck you been?
Mate. I told you
to calm yourself down.
That is a very firm finger.
-(BONE SNAPS)
-(SCREAMS)
You can't do that!
That's the head doorman!
Yeah? Well. tell him
he's a fucking mug
when he wakes up.
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
What's the matter with you?
Calm down. Eh?
We're outside my club.
Now. what's happened?
I'll tell you what's happened.
Kenny's dead.
What?
(SOMBRE MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Let me do the talking.
(LAUGHTER. CHATTER)
Johnny. I'm so sorry. mate.
I trusted my little boy
to you. Sam.
-What happened?
-Trust me. John. we're on it.
I don't remember putting
your name on the VO. Pat.
I'll get to you in a minute.
Talk to me. Sam.
What happened?
All I know is.
Billy the Kid was involved.
Who's Billy the Kid?
Carry on. Sam.
That's it. That's all I know.
(STIFLED SOB)
As far as I'm concerned.
I'm holding you
responsible for this. Pat.
SAM: John. we will sort this.
I promise you.
(SNIFFLES)
Look at me.
You're going to
make this right.
Do you understand me?
Yeah.
(NOISY CHATTER NEARBY)
PRISONER: Heard you
let him off lightly. Bob.
If that was me.
I'd have stabbed him up.
-PRISONER 2: Keep it down.
-Oi.
Is there
something fucking funny?
Sorry. Johnny. he didn't know.
He didn't know. eh? But you
fucking knew. didn't you?
-Who the fuck is this?
-"Who the fuck is this?"
"Who the fuck is this?"
-(ALARM BLARING)
-Oi. oi!
-You make it right. Pat!
-Come on.
-You fucking...
-PRISONERS: (CHANTING) Johnny!
Johnny! Johnny! Johnny!
JOHNNY: Make it right!
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
TRAINER: Double jab. One. two.
TRAINER: Uppercut. Double jab.
Straight. straight.
Uppercut. Double jab.
Double jab.
Body.
Straight. Straight. straight.
Uppercut. Uppercut. Good.
One. two. Four.
Straight. straight.
Sorry. mate. I'm really sorry
to bother you.
I'm looking for a fella
called Billy the Kid.
You don't know where
I can find him. do you?
One. two.
One. two. One. two.
Uppercut. Uppercut.
Straight right.
Mate. please. Please.
I'm trying to talk to you.
I heard you. mate.
Can't you see I'm training?
Old boys' club's tomorrow.
One. two. One. two.
Uppercut. Uppercut.
Good. Uppercut.
Straight right. Uppercut.
-You finished with that. mate?
-Good. straight right.
Straight right.
Good. One. two.
One. two. One. two.
(CHOKING)
Now. I ain't gonna fucking
ask you again. you cunt.
Now. where can I find
Billy the Kid?
Fergus and Sons. Metals.
Loughton.
(CHOKING)
(COUGHS)
Thank you.
-Any problems?
-Mm.
Eight down:
"Government official
"sets down record
with cunning."
-I meant with the job.
-No.
You won't be hearing
from him again.
Good.
Listen.
you keep your powder dry.
I may have someone else
for you to deal with.
How soon?
I'll know in a couple of days.
I'll be on this number.
Kash will show you out.
What do you need him for?
I could take care
of Tate myself.
Don't get all excited.
It's just a precaution.
Hopefully. he'll come good.
Get the car ready.
(LOCK CLICKING)
-DAVID: Charlotte?
-(GASPS)
Charlotte?
(LOCK CLICKING)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(LOCK SPRINGS OPEN)
Where the fuck are you?
(POP MUSIC
PLAYING OVER HEADPHONES)
-What you doing?
-Oh. sorry. hon.
I was just chilling.
(DAVID CHUCKLES)
Go up West and buy yourself
something nice.
Thank you.
(KISSES) Mmm.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
(WHISPERS) Why don't you
save it for later?
(DOOR CLOSES)
(HANDBRAKE CLICKS)
-Can we help ya?
-PAT: All right. mate. Yeah.
I'm looking for a fella called
Billy the Kid. Is he about?
Never heard of him.
Look.
I'm not here for aggravation.
I just want to know
where he is.
Are you deaf?
We ain't heard of him.
-On your bike!
-Oi! Stand down.
-And who are you?
-Me?
I'm the fucking boogeyman.
(CHUCKLES)
Yeah. well. I'll remember that
when I go to sleep tonight.
Like I said to him.
I'm not here for aggravation.
I just want to know
where Billy is.
I just wanna talk to him.
I don't know you from Adam.
So my Billy is
no concern of yours.
Yeah. well. he is now.
Because my mate is lying dead
on a slab in a morgue
and your boy's mixed up in it.
So I'm gonna ask you
one more time.
Where is he?
If my boy is mixed up
in something.
I'll be the one
to deal with it. not you.
-I think we're done here.
-I came here for your help.
Now. we can either do this
the easy way...
or the hard way.
(CHUCKLES)
Craig!
Park this gentleman's car
for me. will ye?
What can I say?
I fucking love the hard way.
(LAUGHS)
(CONTINUES LAUGHING)
You no good cunt.
(GRUNTING)
(MAN GROANS)
(SIREN BLARING)
MONROE: Look who it is.
-Our old friend Mr Tate.
-JONES: Come on. then.
We ain't disturbing anything.
are we?
(MAN GROANS)
No. no. no. Officer.
Just a wee accident. You know
what scrapyards are like. eh?
Shite everywhere.
And what brings you here.
Mr Tate?
Just running a little bit
of scrap in. that's all.
Yeah. well. we're gonna need
that statement from you.
Yeah. when it's convenient.
Well. it's convenient
for us now.
Or we could just arrest ya.
Fair enough.
I could do with a lift.
anyway.
We're looking to talk
to your son. Billy.
It's in connection to
the murder of Kenny Knight.
Mrs Knight tells us that
they were good friends.
Never heard of him. But then.
Billy's got lots of pals.
When's the last time
you spoke with him?
-I saw him this morning.
-Do you know where he is now?
Aye. he's out and about
running me some errands.
Oh. it's good to hear
that he's OK.
Soon as he's back.
get him to give us a call.
Oh. do you know anything
about Freedom night club?
Never heard of it.
OK. Fergus?
What do you want me to do?
Find my fucking son.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
We know you were
at the robbery.
All the statements
read the same.
They describe a man
fitting your build.
Save us all a load
of aggravation
and just come clean.
What you gonna get. seven?
Probably do four.
-You ain't got nothing on me.
-MONROE: Pat.
We found the car in a lock-up.
Along with this.
-What's that?
-(SCOFFS)
Look. it's only
a matter of time
before your prints turn up
all over it.
I wasn't there. I was at home.
(SCOFFS) Funny. that.
Must've been a bit of a shock.
Only. what. £2.500 in fivers?
(CHUCKLES)
Did you have
a little fall-out?
Thieves falling out over
a pot of gold and all that.
Is that why Kenny's laying
on the slab? Did you kill him?
Is that it. Mr Tate? Cos at
the moment. you're looking at
armed robbery
and wounding with intent.
And now. a suspect to murder.
I didn't kill him.
He was my mate.
(JONES SIGHS)
Do you know
a William Campbell.
also known as Billy the Kid?
Never heard of him.
So why were you
at his father's today. then?
How many more times?
I was running a bit of scrap.
that's all.
Listen. look.
I'm not being funny.
I could sit here all day
talking to you lovely people.
But either nick me
or I'm walking out of here.
JONES: Not yet.
It's only a matter of time.
(PENSIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
JOEY: What happened
to your motor?
Don't ask.
Listen. thanks
for picking me up.
I gotta get to Soho now.
(ENGINE STARTS)
(PENSIVE MUSIC CONTINUES)
Freedom?
What are we doing here?
Do me a favour
and wait in the motor.
Oh. no. I can't.
I've got to get back to work.
I've cancelled
three viewings today.
(MOBILE PHONE RINGING)
-Hello.
-Hello. Pat.
I'm just wondering how
my investment's getting on.
Don't worry. I'm sorting it.
Who said I was worried?
The only person who needs
to be worried is you.
Tick-tock.
How'd you get on last night?
-With what?
-The pills.
Oh. yeah. yeah. Sweet.
I just got to go round
the clubs after work.
-pick up the dough.
-Good.
Cos we need
to knock 'em out lively.
Once you get the money.
you call me. You got me?
Of course.
-(BOTTLE CLATTERS)
-Oh. for fuck's sake. Stevey!
-Stop pissing around.
-Don't worry.
I'll clean it up.
I'll clean it up. don't worry.
Soph. do me a favour
and get a broom
and clean that up for me.
will you. please?
-(SIGHS)
-Thanks.
(DOOR OPENS)
Sorry. mate. we're not open
for another 10 minutes.
Hello. mate. you all right?
Yes. geezer.
what can I do for ya?
I'm actually looking
for a friend.
Oh. yeah?
What's she saying. she's fit?
(CHUCKLES) No. no. Not that.
A geezer called Billy the Kid.
Is he here?
No. and he ain't been
for a while. either.
Do you happen to know
where he might be?
I'll be honest. mate.
If he's not here.
I doubt he's even in Soho.
I really needed
to talk to him.
It's about his poor dad.
And it ain't good news.
(EXHALES)
(SNAPS FINGERS)
I might be able
to do something.
Right.
If he's anywhere.
he'll be there.
I really appreciate that.
(GENTLE PIANO MUSIC PLAYING)
I normally deal
with Mr Hexell.
Well. now
you're dealing with me.
Mr Hexell's busy.
So who is it?
Everything you need to know
is in there.
He's an old flame.
thought he could get away
with stealing from me.
I don't need to know.
Well...
It's been a pleasure.
Taxi!
Heathrow Airport. please.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER
INSIDE BAR)
(MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(IMPERCEPTIBLE)
("THE LOOK" BY ROXETTE PLAYING)
♪ Walking like a man
Hitting like a hammer ♪
♪ She's a juvenile scam
Never was a quitter ♪
♪ Tasty like a raindrop ♪
CHARLOTTE: Er. excuse me?
I think you missed
the turning.
♪ Heavenly bound
Cos heaven's got a number ♪
Driver?
(LOCK MECHANISM CLICKS)
♪ She's got the look ♪
-♪ She's got the look ♪
♪ What in the world can make
a brown-eyed girl turn blue ♪
♪ When everything... ♪
-PAT: Excuse me. mate.
-One second. sir.
Hello. darling.
What's your name?
♪ She's got the look ♪
I'm Tinkerbell. Are you gonna
buy me a drink. then?
Yeah. get whatever you want.
So where are you from. then.
darling?
I'm from Basildon way myself.
though my sister's
out in Romford.
Do you come here often?
Listen. I've got to go.
I haven't even
danced for you yet.
You can do it next time.
Lovely meeting you.
-♪ She's got the look ♪
♪ She's got the look ♪
♪ What in the world can make
a brown-eyed girl turn blue ♪
♪ When everything I'll ever do
I'll do for you? ♪
And I go. la-la-la. la. la ♪
♪ She's got the look ♪
What the fuck is going on? Oi!
Let me out the fucking cab!
Oi. stop the bloody car.
I wanna get out.
(ENGINE ACCELERATES)
(TYRES SCREECH)
Stop the car!
(BRAKES SCREECH)
(GROANS)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
MO: Have you found
Billy the Kid yet?
No.
Keep looking.
(TENSE MUSIC CONTINUES)
MAN: Can I help you. sir?
You can. as it happens.
Yeah. I was just looking
for a mate of mine.
Private dances only.
Yeah. he just went
down there. I...
There are no mates back here.
Is everything all right?
A little problem.
This gentleman
is looking for the exit.
I'm sorry.
My mistake.
(MOBILE PHONE RINGING)
-Hello?
-MAN: (DISTORTED) If you wanna
know what happened
to Kenny Knight.
get to Millennium Mills now.
An old friend
wants to say hello.
-Who is this?
-(LINE DISCONNECTS)
Hello?
(MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(TYRES SCREECH)
(GAS HISSING)
(MOANS GROGGILY)
(COUGHS)
No.
No!
(COUGHS. SPLUTTERS)
Please.
Help me.
(COUGHS)
What are you doing?
(SOBS) No!
No!
Somebody help me!
Help!
(SCREAMS ECHO)
(COUGHS) Help!
(CHARLOTTE SCREAMS)
(COUGHS. SPLUTTERS)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(CHARLOTTE SCREAMS)
Pat!
(SIRENS BLARING IN DISTANCE)
(TV SHOW PLAYING)
PRESENTER: (ON TV)
Thank you very much. Will.
Yes. welcome back.
- Hello. darling.
-WOMAN: (ON TV) Hello. Jim.
JIM: Did you enjoy it
last week?
WOMAN: Oh. I did. and the show
was fabulous as well.
Tell the audience. Jim. about
the game you've got tonight.
JIM: No. no.
- (SIGHS DEEPLY)
-WOMAN: Why not?
JIM: Well. cos
they'd want the leftovers.
-And they'll moan.
- (BABY COOING)
(BANGING ON DOOR)
Who's that?
(SIGHS) What. am I psychic?
How do I know?
Don't worry.
you sit on your arse.
I've only been
at work all day.
-(DOOR OPENS)
-Pat.
PAT: What.
you actually thought
I didn't know where you lived?
JOEY: Kim. can you give us
a second. please. babe?
Why have I got to leave?
Kim. please.
(SIGHS)
Make it quick.
(BABY WHINES)
(DOOR CLOSES)
What are you playing at?
What are you talking about?
I saw you walk into Platinum
Lace. you slippery cunt.
You told me you had a viewing.
I'm trying to find out
who done our mate
and you're fucking about
with lap dancers?
(WHISPERS) Fucking hell. Pat.
the missus!
You'll get me nicked!
-She fucking earwigs.
-Where'd you go?
(WHISPERS) All right.
just keep it down. will you?
I went out the back for
a dance. What's the problem?
Been murder at home with her
since we had that kid.
I've been like that.
That's the last time
you lie to me. Joey.
And by the way.
that ain't just
a lap-dancing club. trust me.
Look. I didn't know
I had to report to anyone.
But if I upset you.
then I apologise.
OK?
Anyway. this'll cheer you up.
I'll pick up the last
of that readies tonight.
Good boy.
Has something happened?
Yeah. someone's
fucking with me.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
-What's happening. Margo?
-All right.
-What can I get you?
-Just a pint. please.
Your nephew here?
Oy. oy. here he is.
Fucking hell. Bill.
you look like shit.
Hey. is your dad all right?
-What?
-Some guy at the bar earlier.
Said there was something
wrong with your dad.
I told him you was here.
-You did what?
-What?
(DOOR OPENS)
Oh. shit.
Where are you going?
Have I done something wrong?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
-I've gotta go.
-Calm down.
-They're coming for me.
-All right.
We'll go
to the police together.
I can't.
Dad would never forgive me.
Well. then
we'll go to your dad.
Oh. yeah?
How's that gonna work?
"Hello. Dad. my mate
just got murdered
"while I was buying
a load of cocaine.
"Oh. and by the way.
I'm queer."
Come here. you.
-I don't know what to do.
-Listen.
You've got to stop worrying
about what your dad
will think.
He's the one who's got
to work it out. not you.
You've got to be true
to yourself. yeah?
But regardless. we're family
and your dad loves you.
Listen.
You stay here tonight.
Anyone comes in.
I ain't seen you.
I'll call Auntie Iris
in Manchester.
We put you
on a train tomorrow.
give you time to figure out
what you're gonna do. yeah?
PAT: Looks like
I'm not the only one
looking for Billy the Kid.
SAM: We'd better
get you tooled up. then.
-Now. that's more like it.
-(CHUCKLES)
Fucking hell. are you sure?
Johnny liberated that
when he left the army.
It's for emergencies.
Careful with that.
It's locked and loaded.
That's perfect.
Now. these are good.
So where you going?
Soho.
But I've gotta make
a little stop first.
You know.
I loved that boy. Pat.
Whoever they are.
you make them suffer.
Trust me. it ends tonight.
(ENGINE REVS)
I want every boy in that gym
spoken to.
Yeah. we're on it.
Michael. try his phone again.
Fergus. I have been.
Then keep fucking trying!
(KEYPAD BEEPING)
(CAR APPROACHING)
Where's my son?
PAT: I don't know.
But don't worry.
I'm gonna find him.
Then. what the fuck
do you want. Mr Tate?
I just thought I'd pop by
and give you
a little bit more scrap.
Oh. really? What's that. then?
Just hang on a wee minute.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Catch.
Fuck!
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC BUILDS.
STOPS)
(LAUGHS)
(GUN COCKS)
Oh. fucking hell.
(ENGINE REVVING)
Fucking hell! Heavy. that.
Ah. relax.
They're blanks. just like
that prick's grenade.
Thank fuck for that. Fergus.
I am busting for a shit.
(TOILET SEAT CLANKING)
(PANTS UNZIPPING)
(SOMBRE MUSIC PLAYING)
What's happening. Meg?
You all right?
Late again. Stevey?
(SIGHS IN EXASPERATION)
I'll make it up to you.
though. babe.
I promise!
Er. excuse me. mate. You can't
go back there. you know?
It's staff only.
Yes. can I help you.
gentlemen?
Where is Billy the Kid?
Who?
I don't even know a Billy.
(GROANS)
MARGO: I found this for ya.
-Cheers.
-And one more thing.
You didn't think I'd forget.
did ya?
We know he works here.
STEVEY: I ain't seen him!
I swear to you.
I ain't seen him!
Don't lie.
He's gone AWOL.
no-one's seen him.
He ain't even
turned up for his shifts.
MO: Tell me. have you ever
heard the sound
of an eyeball popping?
Look. I promise you. I ain't
got a clue where he is.
I don't know
and that's the truth.
(STEVEY SCREAMS)
All right. please!
Please. I'll tell you.
I'll tell you!
(SCREAMS)
Make a wish.
Thanks. Auntie.
but I really gotta go.
Please. for me.
(GRUNTS SOFTLY)
-Hey.
-Come on. man. Easy.
(LINE RINGING)
Come on. pick up.
(PHONE RINGING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
Come on. Come on.
(PHONE RINGING)
I've been thinking.
(PHONE RINGING IN DISTANCE)
I'm gonna talk to Dad
and tell him.
-(LINE RINGING)
-(WHISPERS) Oh. come on.
Pick up.
Pick up the fucking phone.
(GUN CLICKS)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC CONTINUES)
Can I help you chaps?
Bill. I'm so sorry.
You got exactly three seconds
to start talking
and tell me what happened
to my mate Kenny.
Or you're gonna
fucking join him.
One. two...
SAM: Goodnight. mate.
Come on. Charlie. get me home.
(GRUNTS)
(GUN COCKS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Where's Tate?
Does he look like
a killer to you?
So let's start
from the beginning.
Who set it up?
Some geezer I met in the club.
He saw me selling some gear.
He comes over. says.
"Try that."
It was the best bit of coke
I've ever had.
He said that
if I wanted to step up.
he could connect me
to the right people.
I told him it was well out of
my league on my own
but I know someone.
And that was Kenny?
(BILLY SIGHS)
The deal was 25k for a kilo.
I told Ken
and he said it was sorted.
So I arranged for a meet.
I assumed
he'd bring some muscle.
but he turned up on his own.
Where was the meet?
Platinum Lace.
Some dude called Mo.
We went into the back.
And...
And the next thing I know...
(METAL DOOR CLANGING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SHUDDERING)
Where are we?
What's going on. Ken?
What's gonna happen?
Don't worry. kid.
You'll be all right.
No.
Fuck you.
Fuck you. you fucking cunt!
Fuck you!
You fucking mug!
I'll fucking kill you!
BILLY: What is it. Ken?
What is it?
(GRUNTS)
Fuck you. get off him!
You better fucking kill me.
Cos I'll fucking
do the lot of ya!
Your fucking family.
-Everyone!
-(YELLS)
(SCREAMS IN PAIN)
(CONTINUES SCREAMING)
-(KNIFE SQUELCHES INTO FLESH)
-(SCREAMING)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(PANTING)
(SOMBRE MUSIC PLAYING)
You are gonna get me
in that club.
And I'm gonna kill
every last one of them.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
-All right. boys?
-All right. darling?
-How you doing?
-Good. You got a light?
Yeah. there you go.
-Cheers.
-What's it like down there?
-Full of wankers. as normal.
-(MEN LAUGH)
(DOOR OPENS)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
Hello. sis.
Long time no see.
(KNOCK AT DOOR)
Guv?
Looks like
our other security guard
has had a bit of
a guilty conscience.
-Go on.
-He's ID'd Tate
as Kenny's partner
in the robbery.
They're all in it together.
Get me a warrant.
(EXHALES)
(GROANS)
Hello. mate.
Here. I think I'm lost.
I'm... I've been looking
for a toilet.
It's fucking massive.
this place!
Been walking around
for about half an hour.
There's no toilets here. mate.
Fuck off!
(BOUNCER GROANS)
You need to leave here now.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
MAN: Oi!
Sorry.
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(MACHINE WHIRRING)
(MACHINE CONTINUES WHIRRING)
Get up slowly.
(MOBILE PHONE RINGING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(METAL CLANGS)
(LINE RINGING)
ANSWERPHONE: All right.
this is Pat. Leave a message.
(ANSWERPHONE BEEPS)
I warned you. Patrick.
It seems to me you weren't
listening carefully enough.
So now we're gonna
do things my way.
Time's up.
(SNIFFS)
(GUARD GRUNTS SOFTLY)
-Stay there.
-(BOUNCER GROANS)
Where the fuck is Mo?
He's in the war room.
(GROANS)
Drop the fucking gun.
(GUN CLATTERS)
Me and Aziz enjoyed
killing your friend.
Do you want what he got. huh?
I'm talking to you.
-(STABS KNIFE)
-(FLESH SQUELCHES)
Talk to that. you cunt.
-(GURGLES)
-(BLOOD DRIPPING)
(CHOKES)
("I RAN (SO FAR AWAY)" BY
A FLOCK OF SEAGULLS PLAYING)
♪ I walked along the avenue ♪
♪ I never thought
I'd meet a girl like you ♪
♪ Meet a girl like you ♪
♪ With auburn hair
and tawny eyes ♪
♪ The kind of eyes
that hypnotise me through ♪
♪ Hypnotise me through ♪
♪ And I ran ♪
♪ I ran so far away ♪
♪ I just ran ♪
♪ I ran all night and day ♪
♪ And I ran ♪
♪ I ran so far away ♪
♪ I just ran ♪
♪ I couldn't get away ♪
Remember me?
Put the gun down.
MAN: Hello. Pat.
Fancy a drink?
What's the matter? You look
like you've seen a ghost.
Hold on a minute.
I thought you were...
What? You thought I was dead?
You thought wrong.
Here. have that.
You're gonna need it.
Let me give you
a word of advice.
If you're gonna start tying
people up and torturing 'em.
what you don't do is let them
live to tell the tale.
Ain't that right. Joey?
Yeah. that's right.
No. they don't teach you
this down the gym. do they?
You big thick meathead bully.
It's amazing what people will
tell you when they hate you.
Yeah. it is. And you're
a no-good. wrong 'un cunt.
I've waited so long
to kill you.
Oh. shut up. Pat.
You ain't killing anyone.
Look at ya. You're spent.
And speaking of killing.
have you heard
from Charlotte lately?
Apparently I've heard
she's gone somewhere
really hot.
(PAT SIGHS)
You killed that girl
and all of this
over a load of old pills?
No. mate.
Because you and Charlotte
are a pair of dirty.
rotten rats
who stole from me
and left me for dead.
There's one problem
with your little plan.
They weren't my pills.
you div.
Me and my brothers.
we don't take too kindly
to people stealing our drugs.
(BILLY GRUNTING)
MAN: Well. well. well.
would you look at that?
It's like a little reunion.
Hello. Billy.
That's him. He's the one
who set the deal up.
Shut up!
Oof.
(GROANS)
Looks like I'm done here.
I'll leave you boys
to finish up.
Mo. I'll see you in Ibiza.
Thanks for them.
Ta-ta. Pat.
Joey. nice work. son.
I've been dreaming
of this day. Pat.
Fucking dreaming of it.
There's people queuing up
to iron you out
yet I get to be
the one to do it.
Me. of all people.
Basildon Joe.
I bet you can't believe it.
So what?
We doing 'em in here or what?
(DANCE MUSIC
PLAYING ON SPEAKERS)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(GROANS)
Come on. let's let the boy go.
He's got nothing
to do with this.
(LAUGHS)
Aziz. get rid of them.
-(DOOR SLAMS OPEN)
-(GUN COCKS)
FERGUS: Hey. Billy.
Up you get. son. Time to go.
Hands where I can see 'em.
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
-Let him go.
-I hope you are a good shot.
I said. let my boy go.
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(GUNSHOT)
(GROANS. SPLUTTERS)
(BODY THUDS)
Dad!
-(GUNSHOTS)
-(PEOPLE CLAMOURING)
(AZIZ GRUNTS)
(YELLS)
(AZIZ GRUNTING)
Dad. you're gonna
be all right.
You're gonna be all right.
Dad. Hold it.
(FERGUS GROANS IN PAIN)
(WOMEN CLAMOURING. SCREAMING)
(AZIZ GRUNTS)
(YELLS. GRUNTS)
Dad. we gotta get out of here.
We gotta go.
-(FERGUS GROANS)
-Come on.
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(AZIZ GRUNTS)
-(PAT STRUGGLING)
-(AZIZ YELLS)
(GROANS)
Joe.
-Joey!
-Shh!
-Shut up!
(AZIZ AND PAT GRUNTING)
Joey. help me.
-Yeah. good luck with that.
-(GRUNTING CONTINUES)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
-Come on. Dad.
-(FERGUS GROANS)
Gotta keep moving. Come on.
(CRIES OUT IN PAIN)
You fuck!
Fuck.
(GRUNTS)
-(KNIFE SLICES)
-(AZIZ YELLING)
(BOTH STRAINING)
-(GRUNTING)
-(FLESH SQUELCHES)
That's for Kenny. you cunt.
An eye for an eye.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(CRIES OUT IN PAIN)
(GUNSHOT)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Fuck.
(FERGUS GROANS)
(FOOTSTEPS ECHO)
BILLY: Ready? Come on.
(FERGUS GROANS. MUTTERS)
I've got you. right?
I've got you.
Hey. Hey.
-(FERGUS PANTING)
-(BILLY SOBS)
You...
are the funniest thing
in high heels.
(LAUGHS WEAKLY)
(SOMBRE MUSIC PLAYING)
I'm proud of you. boy.
I'm proud of you. Billy.
Dad? Dad?
(TEARFULLY) Dad?
(SOBS)
Fuck. (GROANS)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Fuck.
(OBJECTS CLATTERING)
I need to get out of here!
Is there another way out?
Someone's trying to kill me!
-(STAFF CLAMOURING)
-Get out of my fucking way!
(MAN SHOUTS IN CANTONESE)
(DINERS EXCLAIMING)
-(MAN GRUNTS)
-(DINERS SCREAMING)
(MAN SHOUTS IN CANTONESE)
(DISTANT SHOUTING)
Fuck it.
Excuse me.
Excuse me. I need your help.
Please. fellas. Fellas.
I need your help.
Please help. Please help me!
-Someone's trying to kill me!
-Fuck off!
Sorry. fellas. please.
Help me.
someone's trying to kill me.
-(GROANS)
-MAN: What's your problem?
-Ah. fuck! (GROANS)
-What's your fucking problem?
Fuck!
(GRUNTS)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
MAN: Oi. mate. what you doing?
No. Pat. please.
I'm sorry.
I got a baby. Pat.
I got a little girl.
Oi!
Stop. wait!
Wait! (PANTING)
Go! Go. go!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
(SIGHS)
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING)
(TRAIN HORN BLARING)
(INDISTINCT POLICE CHATTER)
OFFICER: You're in second.
you're third. Go. go. go!
Come on.
put your back into it.
(BATTERING RAM THUDDING)
(OFFICERS SHOUTING
INDISTINCTLY)
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
OFFICER: He's not here. guv!
There you go.
Passport and ten grand.
Thanks. mate.
For what it's worth.
I got the man
that killed Kenny.
And I was that close
to the other two.
Well. I wouldn't worry.
These things have a way
of working themselves out.
don't they?
So where now?
I got a little score
to settle.
("FREE BIRD" BY
LYNYRD SKYNYRD PLAYING)
♪ If I leave here tomorrow ♪
♪ Would you still
remember me? ♪
♪ For I must be
travelling on now ♪
♪ Cos there's too many
places I've got to see ♪
♪ But if I stay here with you.
girl ♪
♪ Things just couldn't
be the same ♪
♪ Cos I'm as free
as a bird now ♪
♪ And this bird
you cannot change ♪
♪ Oh-oh. oh. oh. oh-oh ♪
♪ And the bird
you cannot change ♪
♪ And this bird
♪ Lord knows. I can't change ♪
♪ Oh-oh. oh. oh. oh-oh ♪
♪ And the bird
you cannot change ♪
♪ And this bird
♪ Lord knows. I can't change ♪
♪ Lord help me.
I can't change... ♪
(HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING)
Hey. Terry.
How was your flight?
Mr Fisher to you.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
So. did Hexell go for it?
Tell me about Ibiza.
How does 250.000 pills
grab you?
By the balls.
Like a lamb to the slaughter.
Drive on. Frankie.
(ENGINE STARTS)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
GREENER:
Don't worry. it's all there.
Terry tells me
you are in distribution.
For the right product.
This is not Marbella.
Mr Greener.
Ibiza has become a feeding
ground for the elite.
The rich and powerful
who want to get high.
So the demand is big.
But so are the problems.
Well. I'm good
at solving problems.
MO: The island is becoming
like the Wild West.
The Russians. the Albanians.
the Irish. and the Dutch.
All trying to take control.
Now. Mr Greener.
if you can handle that...
then we are in business.
We can handle anything.
Two hundred and fifty thousand
ecstasy pills.
The best you will ever find.
Well.
I'll be the judge of that.
(CHUCKLING)
Partners. then.
WAITRESS: Can I get
anything else for you. sir?
No. thank you.
I've got everything I need.
("HEAVEN KNOWS"
BY AUSTIN HOWARD PLAYING)
♪ There could be blue skies
through the rain ♪
♪ And I know
that I must find my way ♪
♪ So come on. help me
to release my soul today ♪
♪ Won't you help me ♪
♪ Help me through this pain ♪
♪ Cuts like a knife
Burns like acid rain ♪
♪ Someone help me
Help me to release my soul ♪
♪ Nobody knows
which way. which road to go ♪
♪ Heaven knows
what life may bring ♪
♪ I have a feeling you can
feel the acid sting ♪
♪ Help me release
my soul today ♪
♪ Help me. help me. help me ♪
♪ Lord. Lord ♪
♪ Help me. Lord. Lord ♪
♪ Heaven knows
what life may bring ♪
♪ There could be blue skies
through the rain ♪
♪ And I know
that I must find my way ♪
♪ So come on. help me
to release my soul today ♪
♪ Won't you help me ♪
♪ Help me through this pain ♪
♪ It cuts like a knife
Yeah. like acid rain ♪
♪ Help me
Help me to release my soul ♪
♪ Nobody knows which way
or which road to go ♪
♪ Heaven knows
what life may bring ♪
♪ I have a feeling you can
feel the acid sting ♪
♪ Help me release
my soul today ♪
♪ Help me. help me. help me ♪
♪ Lord. Lord ♪
♪ Help me. Lord. Lord ♪
(SOMBRE MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC FADES)